---
title: ‘ScummVM “Interactive Fantasy” 2.2.0 Sees the Light’
author: sev
date: 1601216320
---

A new release of ScummVM is ready. This is a thrilling one because we are embracing adventure games as far back as 1976! That’s right, the infamous _Colossal Cave Adventure_, the very first Interactive Fiction game, is now supported by ScummVM.

Besides that (and about 1594 other IF games), we now added 3 more game engines and extended another 4, thus adding the following games to the supported list:

* _Blazing Dragons_
* _Eye of the Beholder - Sega CD version_
* _Griffon Legend_
* _Interactive Fiction games_
* _Operation Stealth_
* _Police Quest: SWAT_
* _Prince and the Coward, English translation_
* _Ultima IV - Quest of the Avatar_
* _Ultima VI - The False Prophet_
* _Ultima VIII - Pagan_

As you can see, we continue our exploration into the world of RPGs.

Other notable changes are: a fully rewritten MorphOS port; a new subsystem for automatic saves present in nearly every engine we support; Right-To-Left display support in our GUI; updated MT-32 emulation code and Discord Rich Presence.

We now support additional different game versions, and have noticeable improvements to Illusions, Kyra, Lab, Queen, Titanic, Xeen and ZVision engines. There is also improved support for Maniac Mansion, NES and Apple //gs versions. As usual, we continue fixing original SCI script bugs in over 30 games and added Roland D-110 soundtrack support to these games.

Of course, you can find the comprehensive Release Notes [here] (https://www.scummvm.org/frs/scummvm/2.2.0/ReleaseNotes.html).

Grab your copy from [our downloads page](https://www.scummvm.org/downloads), or, on Windows or macOS, let the automatic updater fetch it for you.

In addition, we will be releasing a new Android port into the Beta Channel and will need your help with testing. That would be great for us to get your feedback at [the Android Port subforum](https://forums.scummvm.org/viewforum.php?f=17).

Time to dive into a nice Interactive Fiction or fry some monsters in Ultima with a Blazing Fire, if you’re a dragon of course.
