---
title: "ScummVM 2.1.2 &quot;Fixing Powerful Windows&quot; is here!"
author: lotharsm
date: 1585682388
---

The ScummVM Team is pleased to announce a new bugfix release for the 2.1 series - ScummVM 2.1.2, codenamed “Fixing Powerful Windows”. You will notice that this time, our [downloads page](/downloads/) is not exactly extensive. Don't worry, we are not touching ScummVM's (quite incredible) portability here.

ScummVM 2.1.2 is a maintenance release intended for Windows and Mac OS X, providing some [bug fixes](https://www.scummvm.org/frs/scummvm/2.1.2/ReleaseNotes.html) for those platforms. Since all other platforms are not affected, you don't need to worry about a seemingly missing update for now.

While browsing the downloads page, you probably noticed a new entry there, especially when browsing our website using a PC running Ubuntu: ScummVM is now officially available at the [Snap Store](https://snapcraft.io/scummvm)! Thanks to the ongoing support from Alan &quot;popey&quot; Pope and Alan Griffiths, the Snap Store release of ScummVM is now on-par with our other Linux releases. Compared to the traditonal way of distribution software on Linux, we have a lot more freedom in terms of new releases using the Snap Store. The moment we release a new version of ScummVM, you will receive it as an automated update.

The ScummVM Snap comes in two flavours. The &quot;stable&quot; channel contains our official releases which makes it a great choice for most users. In case you want to explore the latest and greatest features of our current development versions, simply follow the &quot;edge&quot; channel and get an updated build each and every day! We also have some pretty neat additions to the Snap Package in mind - but more on that later.

Enjoy, and have fun!