---
title: "ScummVM 1.9.0 \"Myst-ery U.F.O.s release\" is out"
author: sev
date: 1476711360
---

Our one month testing period is over. Thanks to a lot of help from you, our fellow users and testers, we are now ready to ship our next release.

As always, we have been busy adding more games and enhancing old ones. Now, after many years in production, we are proud to announce support for *Myst* and *Myst: Masterpiece Edition*.

Besides that, we now support *U.F.O.s* and the early Sierra Hi-Res adventures, namely *Hi-Res Adventure #0: Mission Asteroid*, *Hi-Res Adventure #1: Mystery House* and *Hi-Res Adventure #2: The Wizard and the Princess*, for a total of six newly supported games.

With this release we are switching to SDL 2, so please, [report any bugs](https://bugs.scummvm.org) you encounter. Last time we introduced Sparkle-based updates for Mac, and now we're trying to launch it also for Windows. Hopefully, you will see it in action once we release our next version. Once again, we would like to mention that auto-updating is selected as an opt-in during your first start up. By default, if you enable it, it will check weekly for new releases. Screenshots of this in action can be seen at [the WinSparkle website](https://winsparkle.org).

Notable bugfixes and enhancements include Hercules rendering and font for the AGI games, numerous bugfixes to SCI games, enhanced *Sherlock* games experience, and AmiUpdate on the Amiga port.

The full list of changes included in this release can be found in [the release notes](https://downloads.scummvm.org/frs/scummvm/1.9.0/ReleaseNotes) and the binaries are provided on our [downloads page](/downloads/).

Wait no more, and start playing *Myst* or *U.F.O.s* right now!
