---
title: 'Android Love'
author: antoniou79
date: 1603651271
---

Our new and shiny Android port for ScummVM v2.2.1 is now live on the Google Play Store. After quite a long period of dedicated work from our team developers, and a month of public beta testing by members of our community who helpfully reported quite a few issues for us to address, we are finally ready to give you the stable release for our ScummVM Android app.

This app has been significantly re-written and tested on modern Android devices, running up to Android 10+. It includes new features which bring it up to speed with the desktop ScummVM application, such as FluidSynth support, Cloud Saves and more localization choices for the UI. Also included is the Local File Server (LAN) feature, whereby your device can act as a temporary file server allowing you to download files (eg. save files and even the config file) or upload new ones (eg. game data) using a web browser from a PC or another client.

With this release we have resolved a few long standing issues such as:

* upgrading from previous versions without losing access to your previous configuration and save files
* folder navigation (based on storage access permission settings)
* Working special keys on the virtual keyboard (such as F-keys) as well as handling of repeated keys

Other significant improvements have been made to the interface of the application, such as the ability to choose whether the GUI will feature filtered graphics (bilinear scaling) or not (nearest neighbor scaling), several fixes for the virtual keyboard behavior to make it more responsive and closer emulate the behavior of a physical keyboard, and support for virtual mouse control using the analogue joystick from your controller.

By upgrading to the new 2.2.1 version you will be able to enjoy support for all the game engines that have been introduced on ScummVM since 2.2.0, such as Blade Runner, Ultima IV, Quest for Glory IV, as well as all the bug fixes and improvements made to the existing ones.

Of course we continue to monitor our community’s feedback and welcome any suggestions for improvement. As always, please report any bugs you encounter on the ScummVM [bug tracker site](https://bugs.scummvm.org).

We thank all our beta testers for their most valuable feedback and hope that you enjoy this version of ScummVM Android.
