---
title: "Early Macromedia Director titles are supported now"
author: djsrv, sev, sheep
date: 1629203770
---
After 5 years of active development, we are glad to finally announce the first MacroMind/Macromedia Director-based games to be supported.

Iskrich, a GSoC student, laid down the engine’s first lines of code, based on the initial reverse engineering efforts of fuzzie, which she wrote in Python as part of the _continuity_ project. Then, the work was continued by sev in 2017 when Lingo compiler development was started and stevenhoefel started adding Director 5-related code. In 2018, there was practically no development, but in 2019, moralrecordings made some advancements for Director 4. Finally, in 2020 and 2021, there was a big chunk of development, first by npjg and djsrv, then by sheep and djsrv, while rvanlaar set up a continuous integration buildbot for the project.

Long story short, after 3738 commits, we are now announcing support for Director 2-based titles such as _Spaceship Warlock_. Selected Director 3-based titles may work, and in particular, we support _L-ZONE_.

Grab your CDs and give these titles a go. We are also actively collecting info on any Director-based (and Shockwave) titles that we catalogue on [our Wiki](https://wiki.scummvm.org/index.php?title=Director/Games), so, please, help us with this task.

We are actively working on deepening Director 3 compatibility, particularly the original _Journeyman Project_ and advancing with Director 4 support, having _Meet MediaBand_ and _Chop Suey_ as our primary test targets.

For running the games you will need the [latest daily build](https://www.scummvm.org/downloads/#daily) of ScummVM.  And as usual, if you see any issues, please file them in the [issue tracker](https://bugs.scummvm.org/).
