---
title: "Twenty years ago today..."
author: sev
date: 1633805793
---
Twenty years ago today, on Tue Oct 9 16:30:12 2001, Ludvig Strigeus pushed the initial revision of the ScummVM code, which was version 0.0.1 of the project. Time flew quickly and, fast-forward to the present day, we are proudly releasing ScummVM 2.5.0 “Twenty years ago today…”

The [list of changes](https://downloads.scummvm.org/frs/scummvm/2.5.0/ReleaseNotes.html) is tremendous.

First of all, this is the first release that supports 2.5D games (almost 3D), thanks to the merger with ResidualVM. With this release we announce support for _Grim Fandango_, _The Longest Journey_ and _Myst 3: Exile_. This is why we jumped straight to 2.5 in our versioning. Please note that only desktop platforms currently support these games and other platforms may or may not gain the support later depending on their capabilities.

In addition to these 3 games and engines, we officially support 10 more new engines and subengines that add compatibility with the following games:

* _Little Big Adventure_
* _Red Comrades 1: Save the Galaxy_
* _Red Comrades 2: For the Great Justice_
* _Transylvania_
* _Crimson Crown_
* _OO-Topos_
* [Glulx interactive fiction games](https://wiki.scummvm.org/index.php?title=Glk/Glulxe)
* _Private Eye_
* [AGS Games versions 2.5+](https://wiki.scummvm.org/index.php?title=AGS/Games)
* _Nightlong: Union City Conspiracy_
* _The Journeyman Project 2: Buried in Time_
* _Crusader: No Remorse_
* _L-ZONE_
* _Spaceship Warlock_

We love localized game releases and multiple platform versions, thus with this release, we enhanced the support for _Lure of the Temptress_ Konami release, _Blue Force_ Spanish, _Ringworld_ Spanish, _Amazon: Guardians of Eden_ Spanish, _Mystery House_ French, Russian translations of Sierra AGI games, _Elvira 1_ Japanese PC-98, _Bargon Attack_ Russian, _Woodruff_ Russian, _Eye of the Beholder_ Japanese Sega-CD, _Legend of Kyrandia_ Hebrew, _Legend of Kyrandia 2_ Hebrew, _Legend of Kyrandia 3_ Simplified Chinese, _Inherit the Earth_ PC-98 Japanese, _Gabriel Knight 1_ Macintosh, _Xeen_ Russian to name but a few. Notably, Macintosh b/w versions of _Loom_ and _Indy 3_ are now also supported.

Besides the new games and game versions, ScummVM 2.5.0 brings many notable improvements and new features. We have completed a major rework of the GUI: We now support Unicode characters everywhere. The GUI also adapts to high resolutions used in HiDPI screens. The Nintendo DS port has been significantly rewritten. We added GOG and Steam achievements to a large number of Wintermute games and enabled KeyMapper in more games. Thanks to the work of one of our GSoC students, we have now added an option for text-to-speech to the games _Sfinx_,  _Soltys_ and _The Griffon Legend_.

You may find all of this goodness available to a number of platforms on [our downloads page](https://www.scummvm.org/downloads/), or let the autoupdater kick in on Macintosh and Windows.

We wish you great adventuring, happy puzzle-solving and exciting journeys to RPG worlds, and hope to see you around in the coming years.

And by the way, GOG.com is running [a special promo](https://www.gog.com/news/special_event_bscummvm_20th_anniversaryb?pp=22d200f8670dbdb3e253a90eee5098477c95c23d) tied to the release and our anniversary, where you can buy many ScummVM-supported games at a discount.
