---
title: 'ScummVM 2.6.0 or: Insane Escapism'
author: The ScummVM Team
date: 1659376800
---

Free your mind for yet another ScummVM release!

Nine newly supported games on 6 engines will plunge you into a variety of different settings. Are you able to escape from an alien-infested planet? What about challenging the Lord of the Dead in the Underworld? And have you ever explored the deepest depth of your psyche to see if you really know yourself?

Find out in one of the following titles:

* *Sanitarium*
* *Hades Challenge*
* *Marvel Comics Spider-Man: The Sinister Six*
* *The 11th Hour*
* *Clandestiny*
* *Tender Loving Care (CD-ROM Editions)*
* *Uncle Henry's Playhouse*
* *Wetlands*
* *Chewy: Esc from F5*

Besides adding new games, we are always focused on improving already supported games. Once again, we managed to squash quite a few bugs from various engines. It is always impressive to see bugs getting fixed in engines that are more than 20 years old!

One of the main new features of ScummVM 2.6.0 is a completely new way to view your games in an amazing icon grid overview via our launcher. Accompanied by some very shiny artwork provided by our graphics artists, you are now able to show off your collection like never before. It almost looks and feels like a virtual shelf!

Check out the full [Release Notes](https://downloads.scummvm.org/frs/scummvm/2.6.0/ReleaseNotes.html) for a comprehensive summary of how our developers managed to make ScummVM even more amazing!

You can find all of this goodness available for a number of platforms on [our downloads page](https://www.scummvm.org/downloads/). If you are using Windows, macOS or the Ubuntu Snap package, the autoupdater will assist you in updating to ScummVM 2.6.0.

As always, thank you for your continuous support — happy adventuring!
