---
title: "Look Behind You, a Three-Headed Monkey NFT!"
author: Thunderforge
date: 1648814400
---

Starting today, the latest development versions of ScummVM support the new trend that gamers can't stop talking about: NFTs (non-fungible tokens)! This exciting new development, created exclusively for players and backed by blockchain technology, uniquely identifies your in-game items, creating an ever-greater connection between you and the game worlds you love. It's not just *a* rubber chicken with a pulley in the middle, it's *your* rubber chicken with a pulley in the middle.

But having exclusive ownership to an in-game item is just the beginning! Our developers are exploring how NFTs will let you transfer items between different game inventories. Love your new chainsaw from *Full Throttle*? With the power of NFTs, you can transfer it to *The Secret of Monkey Island* and create some alternate puzzle solutions!

Aren’t NFTs energy inefficient? Not for us! NFTs in modern games are less environmentally friendly because they represent in-game items with thousands or millions of pixels. But in the retro games that ScummVM supports, items are only *tens* of pixels, meaning they are less taxing on the environment.

And of course, you will be able to buy and sell your valuable NFTs through the upcoming ScummVMM (Script Creation Utility for Maniac Mansion Virtual Machine Marketplace). This will allow you trade real-world currency for NFTs and loot boxes containing cosmetic outfits and hats. The profit will help fund “developer retreats” on tropical islands and our plan to launch a *Sam & Max* DeSoto into space.
