---
title: "ScummVM 2.8.0: Mysteries, Mammoths, and Muppets"
author: sev
date: 1703950457
---

We are proud to announce the last release of the year 2023. Please welcome ScummVM 2.8.0 – “Mysteries, Mammoths, and Muppets”.

## New games
The team was quite busy working on new engines and enhancing existing ones. The list of supported games grew noticeably, and we now support these additions:

   * _Adibou 1_
   * _The Dark Eye_
   * _Dark Side_
   * _Escape From Hell_
   * _Gadget: Invention Travel and Adventure_
   * _Gobliiins 5_
   * _The Excavation of Hob's Barrow_
   * _Kingdom: The Far Reaches_
   * _Might and Magic Book One_
   * _Muppet Treasure Island_
   * _Nancy Drew: The Final Scene_
   * _Nancy Drew: Message in a Haunted Mansion_
   * _Nancy Drew: Secrets Can Kill_
   * _Nancy Drew: Stay Tuned for Danger_
   * _Nancy Drew: Treasure in the Royal Tower_
   * _Primordia_
   * _Reah: Face the Unknown_
   * _Schizm: Mysterious Journey_
   * _Shardlight_
   * _Strangeland_
   * _Syberia_ and _Syberia II_ (macOS versions only)
   * _Technobabylon_
   * _The Vampire Diaries_
   * _Whispers of a Machine_
   * _Wrath of the Gods_ and four other Director titles.
   * 14 AGS titles by _Stranga_ and _Cloak and Dagger_

All together, we’ve introduced 50 new games and five new engines.

## New platforms
We are happy to see the RetroArch port being properly rewritten, and the port is now part of our source code. The Atari port has also been redone from scratch and now talks natively to the hardware, skipping SDL as an intermediate layer. That made many more games playable on the platform. The Atari FireBee port is still using the SDL library, though.

## Speed-optimized graphics
Thanks to the work of one of the GSoC participants this year, Wyatt Radkiewicz (a.k.a. eklipsed), we now use CPU-specific SIMD instructions such as SSE, AVX2, and NEON for drawing graphics in the AGS engine and in some generic routines. This led to 4-14x speedup in drawing for many cases.

## Networking games
This year, we merged with the [Backyard Sports Online](https://backyardsports.online/) project, which made it possible to play _Backyard Football_, _Backyard Baseball 2001_ and _Backyard Football 2002_  over the internet with other humans. Also, the _Moonbase Commander_ support is in active playtesting mode, though not yet ready for prime time.

## Notable engine enhancements
The AGS engine has been brought up to version 3.6.0.53 from upstream.

For many engines, we added support for numerous Chinese and Japanese game variants.

Believe it or not, we implemented a lot of native GUI dialogs for SCUMM games, bringing them closer to the original experience. We also rewrote the sound code for the SCUMM Humongous Entertainment games, making them flawless.

We performed a deep review of the _Broken Sword 1_ game engine, implementing some small, previously unnoticed things like scene transitions, in-game menu peculiarities, accurate fonts, idle animations, and more. Now, the game is absolutely faithful to the original.

----

The full [Release Notes](https://downloads.scummvm.org/frs/scummvm/2.8.0/ReleaseNotes.html) contain a comprehensive summary of the changes and enhancements; it is about 3 pages long with this release.

On [our downloads page](https://www.scummvm.org/downloads/), you can find the downloads for various platforms. If you are using Windows, macOS, or either the Ubuntu Snap or Flatpack packages, the autoupdater will assist you in updating to ScummVM 2.8.0. Android port will follow up very shortly, as we are currently in the Open Beta phase.

Play the games, and enjoy ScummVM!

_Ah, one more thing…_

ScummVM is coming to [the Apple App Store for iPhones and iPads](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/scummvm/id6446184412). Please leave us with good reviews and report any problems on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/4cDsMNtcpG), which includes an [iOS support channel](https://discord.com/channels/581224060529148060/1149456560922316911).
