---
title: "Let me take you to the time warp!"
author: mstea
date: 1674611929
---

More Director games are ready for public testing!

ScummVM has made huge strides in Macromedia Director support. Many Director 3 games are now fully completable, and several Director 4 games are also now playable. 18 new games are officially supported, and we could use your help testing them. We also welcome reports of any other Director games which are fully playable or completable. To test these new games, please use the [latest daily build](https://www.scummvm.org/downloads/#daily) of ScummVM. Any bugs or problems can be reported to the [issue tracker](https://bugs.scummvm.org/).

Some highlights from the new list of games include:

*   <i>Chop Suey</i> by Theresa Duncan, an important classic of "girl games".
*   <i>Eastern Mind</i>, the cult classic from artist Osamu Kato.
*   <i>Ganbare! Inuchan</i>, based on the comic by singer Kenso Kato, which was the first Director 4 game to be fully completable.
*   <i>Over-Ring-Under</i>, by the same developer as <i>Alice: An Interactive Museum</i>. ScummVM's new support for CD audio in Director games lets players enjoy the soundtrack by Carl Stone.
*   The first five games by Japanese indie developer iTA-Choco Systems.

The full list of games for testing is:

*   <i>The Better Dead Ratification</i> (Mac/Windows)
*   <i>Chop Suey</i> (Mac, Windows)
*   <i>Eastern Mind: The Lost Souls of Tong Nou</i> (aka <i>Tong Nou</i>) (Mac/Windows)
*   <i>Fukuoka Go-Round</i> (Mac/Windows)
*   <i>Ganbare! Inuchan: Rock'n Roll-hen</i> (Mac/Windows)
*   <i>Ganbare! Inuchan: Sekai no Tabi-hen</i> (Mac)
*   <i>Henachoco 01: Henachoco Derby</i> (Windows)
*   <i>Henachoco 02: Saitei Birds</i> (Windows)
*   <i>Henachoco 03: Difficult Book Game</i> (Mac/Windows)
*   <i>Henachoco 04: Ano Subarashii Bento o 1-do 2-do</i> (Mac/Windows)
*   <i>Henachoco 05: Yaken Rodem</i> (Mac/Windows)
*   <i>Japan Art Today 07: Takashi Murakami - A Romantic Evening</i> (Mac)
*   <i>Majestic Part 1: Alien Encounter</i> (Mac/Windows)
*   <i>Nemurenu Yoru no Chiisana Ohanashi</i> (Pippin)
*   <i>Over-Ring-Under</i> (Mac)
*   <i>Pepperon Mura no Shiki</i> (aka <i>Op avontuur in kabouterstad</i> and <i>Valmaison au fil des saisons</i>) (Mac/Windows)
*   <i>The Seven Colors: Legend of PSY・S City</i> (Mac)
*   <i>Time Gal</i> (Mac/Windows)
