---
title: ScummVM 2026.2.0 "Railmonicon" sees the light
author: sev
date: 1774724852
---

Three months have passed since the last release, and here we are again, with our new release approach. We are both worried and excited, but hope that in the current reality of the absence of pre-release testing, with more frequent releases, we will be able to deliver critical fixes faster.

Let's talk about the release scope. Three months have passed, but the amount of new features is _very_ noticeable.

## Newly Supported Games:
* _Necronomicon: The Dawning of Darkness_
* _Crime Patrol_
* _Crime Patrol 2: Drug Wars_
* _The Last Bounty Hunter_
* _Mad Dog McCree_
* _Mad Dog II: The Lost Gold_
* _Space Pirates_
* _Who Shot Johnny Rock?_

Besides these newly supported games, which come from two new engines, we improved PC Speaker emulation, support multiselect (with Shift/Ctrl keys) in the Launcher, made our internal Help system more noticeable by adding buttons “Help” to several dialogs, and made several improvements to make the lives of our GUI translation team easier.

Regarding improvements to specific engines and games, the notable changes are: music support to Atari ST releases of _Elvira 1_, _Elvira 2_, I,  and MIDI music for _Ripley's Believe It or Not!: The Riddle of Master Lu_. After intensive testing, we improved the overall stability of _Hodj'n'Podj_, _Might and Magic: Book One - Secret of the Inner Sanctum_, _Myst III: Exile_, _Pilots Brothers 3D_ and _3D-2_, _The Lost Files of Sherlock Holmes: Case of the Rose Tattoo_, _Nathan's Second Chance_, _Broken Sword II: The Smoking Mirror_, _Discworld 1_ and numerous WAGE engine-based games.

For the platform-specific fixes, _Broken Sword 1_ plays better on big-endian systems such as PS3, Wii, and OSXPPC. The Atari port has some handcrafted optimizations in the SCUMM engine. On iOS, we now support Text-to-Speech, and there is better support for external MIDI devices.

These are only the highlights of the release; the [release notes](https://downloads.scummvm.org/frs/scummvm/2026.2.0/ReleaseNotes.html) contain the full list.

Since this is our first release in the new format, the number of ports ready on day one is limited. Please be patient with us when looking for your specific platform updates. You will find them on [our downloads page](https://www.scummvm.org/downloads/). The [iOS version Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/scummvm/id6446184412) and the [Android versions](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.scummvm.scummvm) should soon be available in their respective platform's app stores.
