---
title: "ScummVM 1.2.0 \"FaSCInating release\" is here!"
author: sev
date: 1287149760
---

[CABAL](/news/20040401) (Coalesced 'Adventures beyond Architecture' League) finally came alive, and now for real. Yes, truly, it took us just 6.5 years, and today we are eagerly announcing that a universal adventure game interpreter, playing SCUMM, AGI, and **SCI** games has been released.

From now on, it is available on ScummVM's [downloads page](/downloads/) (Look for version 1.2.0). You may jump straight there, or stay a bit longer and see what cool new features are included.

As you have probably already realized, this release has support for SCI, and moreover, [the list of compatible](/compatibility/1.2.0/) games goes beyond the original FreeSCI which was merged about 1.5 years ago. We support *Conquests of Camelot/the Longbow*, *Castle/Island of Dr. Brain*, *Codename: ICEMAN*, *EcoQuest 1&2*, *all four Hoyle games*, *Freddy Pharkas*, *Jones in the Fast Lane*, *King's Quest I-VI*, both *Laura Bow* games, *Larry* up to 6 (low-res 6 only), *Police Quest 1-3*, *Quest for Glory I-III*, *Space Quest up to V* and a few others. Incredible work by the FreeSCI team and our own SCI engine team!

Early SCI 16-color games can be optionally undithered by ScummVM, making them look much better. To see a comparison between undithered graphics and the original, watch [this video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FScrBr16vkM) produced by one of our SCI engine developers and see for yourself.

Besides SCI, we have added support for yet another Coktel Vision game called *Fascination* and we have a number of new ports: Android, Dingux, Caanoo and OpenPandora. Unfortunately we had to declare the PalmOS port officially dead.

As usual there are tons of engine-specific bug fixes. Take a look at the [release notes](/frs/scummvm/1.2.0/ReleaseNotes) if you want to know more. But wait! We would like to tell a little bit about another long-awaited feature new in this release. After all these years we are finally going international, and the ScummVM GUI can be translated into any language (well, almost any). Right now we have Catalan, English, French, German, Italian, Russian, Spanish and Ukrainian localizations. Besides this there are a lot of smaller improvements like tooltips, radio buttons, improved usability and we support more games running from original media without the need to shuffle the game files.

Enough talking! Now it is time to [download](/downloads/) ScummVM and start playing!
